Remove `RawHtml` and mentioned docs (#842)
Shopify/hydrogen: packages/hydrogen/src/components/RawHtml/README.md

The `RawHtml` component renders an HTML string as HTML DOM elements. This should be used for
displaying rich text-like descriptions associated with a product.

This component uses `dangerouslySetInnerHTML`. In general, setting HTML from code is risky
because it’s easy to inadvertently expose your users to a

> [cross-site scripting (XSS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting) attack.

Author: @mcvinci This is copied from https://reactjs.org/docs/dom-elements.html#dangerouslysetinnerhtml

Reviewer: Thanks, @wizardlyhel! What do you think of something like:

```suggestion
This component uses `dangerouslySetInnerHTML`, which allows you to set HTML directly from React. We recommend that you avoid setting HTML from code using `innerHTML` because you can mistakenly expose users to a [cross-site scripting (XSS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting) attack.
```
